# Erica & Ezekiel

Everyday at 10am, I attended the groups' meeting. Erica usually took this opportunity to sit on a bench that overlooks the gulley and rolling mountains beyond. The wind always blew across the gulley. The breath of God? Erica thought so. In early days, she learned to use it as a way to pick a page in the bible to start reading. Before we came, she had never read a single page and this was her way of allowing god or randomness to communicte.

I came to where the wind always blows and found her.

> Josh, they're wrong. This isn't happening anytime soon. We're going to be here for at least 7 years.

> What?

> Look here, the wind turned to [#ezekiel-36-thru-39](./appendices/ezekiel-36-thru-39.md).

	8.'But you, O mountains of Israel, will produce branches and fruit for my people Israel, for they will soon come home. 9 I am concerned for you and will look on you with favor; you will be plowed and sown, 10 and I will multiply the number of people upon you, even the whole house of Israel. The towns will be inhabited and the ruins rebuilt. 11 I will increase the number of men and animals upon you, and they will be fruitful and become numerous. I will settle people on you as in the past and will make you prosper more than before. Then you will know that I am the LORD. 12 I will cause people, my people Israel, to walk upon you. They will possess you, and you will be their inheritance; you will never again deprive them of their children.

> This sounds like it's already happened, right?

> Yeah.

> So now listen to this:
#### 38
	1. The word of the LORD came to me: 2. "Son of man, set your face against Gog, of the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal; prophesy against him 3. and say: 'This is what the Sovereign LORD says: I am against you, O Gog, chief prince of Meshech and Tubal. 4. I will turn you around, put hooks in your jaws and bring you out with your whole army--your horses, your horsemen fully armed, and a great horde with large and small shields, all of them brandishing their swords. 5. Persia, Cush and Put will be with them, all with shields and helmets, 6. also Gomer with all its troops, and Beth Togarmah from the far north with all its troops--the many nations with you. 7. " 'Get ready; be prepared, you and all the hordes gathered about you, and take command of them. 8. After many days you will be called to arms. In future years you will invade a land that has recovered from war, whose people were gathered from many nations to the mountains of Israel, which had long been desolate. They had been brought out from the nations, and now all of them live in safety. 9. You and all your troops and the many nations with you will go up, advancing like a storm; you will be like a cloud covering the land. 10. " 'This is what the Sovereign LORD says: On that day thoughts will come into your mind and you will devise an evil scheme. 11. You will say, "I will invade a land of unwalled villages; I will attack a peaceful and unsuspecting people--all of them living without walls and without gates and bars. 12. I will plunder and loot and turn my hand against the resettled ruins and the people gathered from the nations, rich in livestock and goods, living at the center of the land." 13. Sheba and Dedan and the merchants of Tarshish and all her villages will say to you, "Have you come to plunder? Have you gathered your hordes to loot, to carry off silver and gold, to take away livestock and goods and to seize much plunder?" ' 14. "Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say to Gog: 'This is what the Sovereign LORD says: In that day, when my people Israel are living in safety, will you not take notice of it? 15. You will come from your place in the far north, you and many nations with you, all of them riding on horses, a great horde, a mighty army. 16. You will advance against my people Israel like a cloud that covers the land. In days to come, O Gog, I will bring you against my land, so that the nations may know me when I show myself holy through you before their eyes. 17. " 'This is what the Sovereign LORD says: Are you not the one I spoke of in former days by my servants the prophets of Israel? At that time they prophesied for years that I would bring you against them. 18. This is what will happen in that day: When Gog attacks the land of Israel, my hot anger will be aroused, declares the Sovereign LORD. 19. In my zeal and fiery wrath I declare that at that time there shall be a great earthquake in the land of Israel. 20. The fish of the sea, the birds of the air, the beasts of the field, every creature that moves along the ground, and all the people on the face of the earth will tremble at my presence. The mountains will be overturned, the cliffs will crumble and every wall will fall to the ground. 21. I will summon a sword against Gog on all my mountains, declares the Sovereign LORD. Every man's sword will be against his brother. 22. I will execute judgment upon him with plague and bloodshed; I will pour down torrents of rain, hailstones and burning sulfur on him and on his troops and on the many nations with him. 23. And so I will show my greatness and my holiness, and I will make myself known in the sight of many nations. Then they will know that I am the LORD.'

#### 39

	1. "Son of man, prophesy against Gog and say: 'This is what the Sovereign LORD says: I am against you, O Gog, chief prince of Meshech and Tubal. 2. I will turn you around and drag you along. I will bring you from the far north and send you against the mountains of Israel. 3. Then I will strike your bow from your left hand and make your arrows drop from your right hand. 4. On the mountains of Israel you will fall, you and all your troops and the nations with you. I will give you as food to all kinds of carrion birds and to the wild animals. 5. You will fall in the open field, for I have spoken, declares the Sovereign LORD. 6. I will send fire on Magog and on those who live in safety in the coastlands, and they will know that I am the LORD. 7. " 'I will make known my holy name among my people Israel. I will no longer let my holy name be profaned, and the nations will know that I the LORD am the Holy One in Israel. 8. It is coming! It will surely take place, declares the Sovereign LORD. This is the day I have spoken of. 9. " 'Then those who live in the towns of Israel will go out and use the weapons for fuel and burn them up--the small and large shields, the bows and arrows, the war clubs and spears. For seven years they will use them for fuel. 10. They will not need to gather wood from the fields or cut it from the forests, because they will use the weapons for fuel. And they will plunder those who plundered them and loot those who looted them, declares the Sovereign LORD. 11. " 'On that day I will give Gog a burial place in Israel, in the valley of those who travel east toward the Sea. It will block the way of travelers, because Gog and all his hordes will be buried there. So it will be called the Valley of Hamon Gog. 12. " 'For seven months the house of Israel will be burying them in order to cleanse the land. 13. All the people of the land will bury them, and the day I am glorified will be a memorable day for them, declares the Sovereign LORD. 14. " 'Men will be regularly employed to cleanse the land. Some will go throughout the land and, in addition to them, others will bury those that remain on the ground. At the end of the seven months they will begin their search. 15. As they go through the land and one of them sees a human bone, he will set up a marker beside it until the gravediggers have buried it in the Valley of Hamon Gog. 16. (Also a town called Hamonah will be there.) And so they will cleanse the land.' 17. "Son of man, this is what the Sovereign LORD says: Call out to every kind of bird and all the wild animals: 'Assemble and come together from all around to the sacrifice I am preparing for you, the great sacrifice on the mountains of Israel. There you will eat flesh and drink blood. 18. You will eat the flesh of mighty men and drink the blood of the princes of the earth as if they were rams and lambs, goats and bulls--all of them fattened animals from Bashan. 19. At the sacrifice I am preparing for you, you will eat fat till you are glutted and drink blood till you are drunk. 20. At my table you will eat your fill of horses and riders, mighty men and soldiers of every kind,' declares the Sovereign LORD. 21. "I will display my glory among the nations, and all the nations will see the punishment I inflict and the hand I lay upon them. 22. From that day forward the house of Israel will know that I am the LORD their God. 23. And the nations will know that the people of Israel went into exile for their sin, because they were unfaithful to me. So I hid my face from them and handed them over to their enemies, and they all fell by the sword. 24. I dealt with them according to their uncleanness and their offenses, and I hid my face from them. 25. "Therefore this is what the Sovereign LORD says: I will now bring Jacob back from captivity and will have compassion on all the people of Israel, and I will be zealous for my holy name. 26. They will forget their shame and all the unfaithfulness they showed toward me when they lived in safety in their land with no one to make them afraid. 27. When I have brought them back from the nations and have gathered them from the countries of their enemies, I will show myself holy through them in the sight of many nations. 28. Then they will know that I am the LORD their God, for though I sent them into exile among the nations, I will gather them to their own land, not leaving any behind. 29. I will no longer hide my face from them, for I will pour out my Spirit on the house of Israel, declares the Sovereign LORD."

> Wow, okay. I said blankly. What does mean?

> Nothing is going to happen for a long time, Josh! And they want to go to Israel? They'll end up in the middle of this. I don't even know who #gog-and-magog are, maybe it has something to do with #isis. There's no doubt shit's going down, though. But yeah, seven years...

> Have faith, my dear.

> Whatever, just follow along then, Josh. I need someone to talk to about this. This is all you have to say??? [exit]

> Look, we'll talk to them about it [trailing off because she's not listening].

This is how many of our conversations would go on these subjects. You see, I'm overwhelmed while all this is going on and absolutely trying to turn my brain off to (the big picture at least) and zombie-walk through this. The seven years thing wasn't manna. In fact, it was sea water for the thirsty.

> I'm sorry, I just don't know how to take all this.

> I know, Josh... What are we going to do. You don't even have a job anymore.

> I can find freelance work. Look, that's not going to be a problem.
	In full disclosure I had freelanced programming before, but it was in a town in which I was connected. I didn't even speak the goddamn language and even if I did, it was laughable to imagine here. There's like two places in the whole town that have any regard for the shit they try to sell you, good or service. A custom website, c'mon. There was still the internet. thank #rael, I told myself.

> Whatever Josh, you're just playing around here. Are you going to let us starve? Will we have to sell the car? What is your PLAN?? You not being a man at all about this.

> What the fuck do you know about it? I'm trying to keep us in good standing so we have a place to sleep at night. And I'm running around trying to please you, too. And this is what you wanna say?? Fuck that...

At these words, she stormed off.

I followed her into the abandoned gymnasium that was supposed to be for all the refugees that were about to show up. This was comical for many reasons. They went to the store every day -- didn't even have bags of rice and beans, no extra water, 2 all-to-wretched bathrooms for 12 people, maybe 100 gallons of water on hand in the tanks for bathing/pooping etc, septic tanks that seemed to not work at all. We'd all end up refugees if people started showing up... Unless #rael intervened, and maybe he would. They seemed quite certain of it and I was okay with it. After all, we still had car and money to go if we needed, though I couldn't imagine to where.

I cried and groveled because I didn't know what I'd do without her and losing someone's respect is as good as losing them -- though crying and groveling clearly didn't help that. She did settle down somewhat, my pathetic display worked, or perhaps she resigned herself to the possibility of starving to death in the middle of the fucking desert. I still don't know. Point is, the hostilities were abating for the time being.

> Look, I can handle this. We'll figure out this internet thing and I'll be able to find work.

It felt an incredible sense of relief that this. It hadn't even crossed my mind to be without her. I'd become quite attached in way that she was inherently recalcitrant to recipricate. She'd concluded never to trust anyone and girlie was her daughter. I'd only been part of their dynamic for less than a year. I was a fucking child still, Erica knew this, but saw my potential, with obvious exceptions, like this one. This would be my first encounter with the thought of losing her and stirred up deep insecurities about my own ability, a.k.a food for the appetite of a sulker, someone who plays around in life. Someone like me.

Nevertheless, I happily took leave of this mental space at the soonest possible convenience though I knew she had lost some respect for me in this journey. And losing respect was as good death in a relationship.

