# Quickly, What is a cult?
From the outset, let's throw away everyone else definition and say a cult it this (when I say it): Propaganda if nothing else, but it's propaganda that's accepted as a primary location of belonging for a very small fragment of a larger set of people. Yes, incidentally, I'm calling you and me and everyone a propagandist. For my part herein, I'll be explaining this particular group's propaganda, not to judge but to share the experience for I hold it as dear and valuable as any other -- regardless whether it's "truth" as truth is just a concept and concepts are an adult's imaginary friends. (I hear some of your clever typies asking me if this is true -- and I tell you I don't know; truth is your pursuit and I'm with Pilate on this one.


#### (Prologue) -- America in 48 hours
After years of careless living on motorcycles, in hotels, in offices, I took a look in the news -- summer of 2014: unchecked immigration, never-ending war, ebola, imminent collapse of economy from robotics, and AI overlord. The profit-controlled, click-driven media aroused a level of anxiety for the future of the world (read society) -- a society of conformity to things to which I could never aspire: good credit (who gives a fuck what corporations "think"), a house (that you never own, but borrow until the government decides otherwise), fucking retirement in golden years. Really think about it -- how on an earth full of vivid experience, could you give a fuck about any of these trivialities and ponzi schemes. Sorry, but you have to be a total idiot -- I say this lovingly because I realize that I'm the one that ended up in a doomsday cult. 

The upshot, I saw the well-established order of things (which is definitely crumbling) in all out chaos; so you could say I was "open" to alternatives, especially when those alternatives were overtly embracing of apocolypse.

With this mindset, we started to watch #reality-questioning-videos on Youtube. The interesting thing about #AI (and yes Google already has AI, if you don't believe me find someone who can tell you the first 10 search results from any query (and the mechanics behind said results).

If you can't, then it's #AI -- and no I don't care if you disagree -- that's why I'm the author.

As anyone whose went down the recomended videos rabbit-hole, you'll like be quite entertained by a good thread. Well in this thread, we found the #second-coming [if you want to stop and watch the video now]. 

Within a week, we had sold all the possessions we could, wrapped all the ones we deemed of value in a tarp, strapped to the top of a 2005 Honda Civic; and no, there were no luggage racks. But we didn't care, the fucking world was ending in days or weeks. I still remember quite vividly: I said goodbye to two of my really good friends who came by at midnight under a gigantic moon in Charlotte NC, July 13th 2014. We chose a #more-northenly-route to miss the flood of illegal aliens pouring in across the southern border -- can you be too careful when you're trying to get out the country before it collapses?? We drove all night -- NC took a while as we had to stop a few times and adjust our load. TN at daybreak -- still remember that #Starbucks every time I've driven past it since. KY then MO.

#### (Bad Vibes near St Louis)
##### 12PM Saturday
Before you wrap all of your belongings into a tarp and lash it to the hood of your car to drive acrss country, get tires first. That's easy to conclude after St. Louis.
##### 6:00PM
Have you ever pulled up to a gas station where everyone looks completely strange only to realize that you're the strange one? There's much hostility and loathing in fear, there's tons of ugliness in Missouri. But the arches were amazing -- only learned later that Jefferson meant to signify door to Destined Manifestness.
#### Terror in Kansas
##### 12:00 AM
Take a drive across KS on #I-whatever in the middle of the night when you think the world is ending: all those red flashing lights are the only sign of civilization aside from the large gas stations every 50 miles or so. We hit one of these around 3:00 AM. A car pulled in behind us in an otherwise empty establishment. As I walk out from paying, a woman bounds out of the aforementioned car and calls out to me, "Jesus!!!". I'm not kidding at all. She immediately asks me to take a picture with her. I'm so road weary and terried from this horrific landscape that I have no clue what to do, I look to Erica and ask her what she thinks, at this moment, my first-and-only acolyte turns around, walks back to the car, gets in, they drive off -- having done nothing else whatsoever at that gas station.
#### Oh Oh Color-ado-re
##### Dawn Monday
We cross into CO at dawn. It was literally a transformation at the state line. As terrifying as KS was, the whole fucking state, CO was majestic, deeply, movingly beautiful #yes-the-pics.
##### 1PM
We stop for lunch just outside of Grand Junction #find-the-park and have the most profound picnic a the foot of these mountains, by the lake of the park. I didn't want to leave, and still don't. Let the world end right there.
#### You for Utah
##### 3:00
As regal, enchanting, enthralling as CO is -- UT is it's surreal sibling. The bounty of red, orange, yellow, black, and gray substrate of UT's badlands is other-wordly. We drove, looking side to side as much as forward. Bewitching as it was, this is no place to fuck up. There are very few people on the road, and even fewer gas stations -- stop at every single one. The dry, thin, hot air really hit our fuel economy (along with obvious drag from the tarpload of life overhead). Incidentally, overhead held much more. We started to notice a legion of cloud people -- huge, well-defined beings doing all kinds of menacing things in the sky -- they were drifting, violent, terrifying... and all around as far as the eye could see. One-legged, two-headed, sword-brandishing, circus of cloud freaks doing unspeakable things to each other -- all the while smiling sinister at us. They seemed to emanate from the innumerable rock formations which have held evil spirits prisoner since the beginning of god. If you look hard enough, you'll see figures etched into the rock, there for eternity, until the Gates of Hades were opened -- which appeared to be happening right as were driving through. This went of for the whole of UT. At one point, we had to divert 30 miles for gas. It's not a great feeling when your car dips below half-tank with the Lord's white, airy army amassing above you. When we did find the smallest gas station known to non-mormons, we also used about $20 in change to drain the vending machine of all water -- fuck everyone else's survival.
##### 7:00
We left the badlands behind slowly, heading into Nevada on I-70 when the most amazing thing happened. Erica noticed a cloud-being right in front of us, smiling once again. She flashed a rosary at it and the fucking thing's face flashed with lightning -- just that cloudhead. Now seems like a good time to remind you that I don't care what you're thinking right now; if you're skeptical, put the book down and go back to your boring ass life. Or, suspend your disbelief and come along with us.
##### 10:00
Las Vegas. I can tell you there's no place we wanted to be less than sin fucking city at this particular juncture. The fact that it was literally 100' outside at 10PM was alarming to say the least. I get out to pump gas, and it's a blow-dryer burning wind sweeping across the city. And above, sat this ghastly, dark, massive, horned demon cloud. The fucking thing might as well have have been the Devil himself. The whole city his shrine -- we didn't waste time.
#### 12:00AM Sunday
CA
**![racing to the border. We wanted in very badly only not to know what to do when we got there.]**
The Mojave at Top Speed, in the middle of the night is even scarier than it sounds when the encircling weather and storms cutting off our routes. We find a way through to I-10 and bolt down toward El Centro and Running Red Lights. The cloud-beings have been following us this whole way, threatening to encircle us, wash away our Exodus. These last few miles were pure instinct over bridges, weaving around what traffic there was until we approached a 25mph zone portending the Mexican border. At said border stood an m16-armed guard who took one look look at and one look in our car and waved us out of America.

We had, in 52 hours traversed America, arrived in #Mexicali at 4AM, without any gas at all. This was not relieving whatsoever. Now's a great time to be wondering: what the fuck to do you at 4 in the morning in a dirty little town, with this complete design-fuck-up-of-a-main-drag for someone who'd been up 50 of the last 52 hours? Somehow I don't think a Mexican cop would care if I'd been up for 52 years, especially since I spoke no Spanish and have only ever #been-out-of-country-once when I was a kid. This was Erica's responsibilty and my liability. These circumstances, along with many others esoteric and abstract were weighing very heavily upon me in these crucial moments, near total break under these pressures. Terrified to stop, go; not knowing how, when, or why to turn left or right, where one lane ends and the other begins. Is that even a fucking lane? I'm going to Mexican fucking jail if I don't get my shit buckled down. 

Should you find yourself in these circumstances, you will want to have exact directions that aren't dependant on your GPS, internet, etc as all of these items stopped working without any ceremony right around the time we crossed that border. Erica held it together for both us long enough to find a gas station. It's here that I first experienced the fear and loathing of a Mexican completely unprepared for this car, this person and this hour. Speaking of unprepared, do you think we had any pesos right now? Do you think we even knew where to get pesos at a respectable hour? Nevermind `cartel:30` in the godamn morning? When Erica was finally able to secure some mutual understanding with the gas man, she returned to the pump where I stood watch a twitchy, burn-eyed watch over her, the car, the tarp, the girlie, the dog, cars that went by, the stray person or two wandering around. Erica tells me we can pump the gas now, inserts the card, and then is completely confused by the ensuing screens -- so much so that she has to re-approach the attendant, who is now thinking we're a couple of wild-eyed junkies and is starting to look as if the fear is getting the better of him. Of course, I watch this from the pump as I try to watch else all, not understanding one fucking thing that's being said. We finally had to move the car to another pump (having overcome the mexican computer in our first one). Here we secure gas. 

This still isn't what you call relief. Because where the fuck do you go from here? How do you call anyone?? Simple answer is that you don't.

We finally decide our best choice is to find a motel. Yes, this is actually our best choice. How the fuck is this supposed to be an Exodus, from a society imminently collapsing and perhaps experiencing some terrifying natural disasters, to an inherently collapsed society? I still don't have the answer for this. But I can tell you the thought was fleet as we rolled down the street at 20mph evaluating our choices. We approach the #Posada-Inn. Erica says this is our best choice. She could've told me the sky above was pink and white herringbone and I would've listened and agreed out of fear, paranoia, and fatigue. We approach the gate (every building worth more than a hot turd has fence and gate around it), Erica speaks what I presume to be Spanish to the attendant. They let us in.
Edging closer to relative security, we turn the key, open the door to reveal our next challenge, where do you put all of your stuff without it touching the floor? The beds, the table, the dresser (top surface only). We took everything out and off of the car. I mean everything down to pencil lead. Lights Out.

#### Mexicali - Part 2
##### Tuesday 12 PM
Considering 52 hours in jam-packed, top-to-bottom Civic, you would tempted to think we may not be eager to get back on the road -- unless you've been to Mexicali, then you vigorously understand that we woke with urgency. Erica sent word to our #Sanctuary contact that we arrived in #Mexicali.
Now, I would like to introduce a new word: misunderstanding. I'm sure you know what it means generally (though I'm not sure generalities are real). In this case it means something very specific and novel for me. If you've made use of the #Appendix, you know what Mexicali is; but do you know what #Calimax is? Now, have a look at #the-first-directions-to-sanctuary-conversation. Let's pretend you're too lazy to look and just say there way confusion between the name of a grocery store and a town that's 4 hours away from our present location in Mexico. We didn't get this news until 3PM and much like any not-member-of-a-cartel, we had no desire to drive in MX at night. We packet shit up and were back on the road at 4:30PM.

Recall, please, that our mobile devies no longer worked. All we had for guidance was #Ericas-Spanish, a #laughable-compass, and one #rand-mcnally-north-american-atlas. We broke out the atlas which we used to determine that #MX-I-2 would be the long and short of our #Mexodus. To get out of town though, it was completley useless. Enter #Ericas-Spanish which, like most other surprises was mildly off-putting to the mexicans we encountered. But of much more concern in getting out of town was my driving.

If you've never driven in a [#developing-country](./appendices/developing-country.md), then consider the lawless state of Mexico where something like 16,000 people were murdered in 2013 and apply that tidbit to traffic law. There is only the law of fear -- literally just do what everyone else is doing so you don't stick out, and don't get pulled over, and don't have to pay bribe, and don't have to go to mexican jail. No driving I had ever done prepared me for this. So Erica and I were utterly terrified by my complete lack of feel for this situation; I waffled and buckled under the pressure of fear and fatigue, flailing through traffic, paying attention to signs and lights like a complete gringo-asshole. Once we made it to #MX-I-2, the pressure was gone and the peace of a largely empty road was a welcome tonic.
#### Outside of Tecate
##### 6:30
The craggy, barren, jutting mountains over which this road travels are breathtaking !pics!. We follow a bus the whole time, except for when the bus can go up the hill faster than we can. Completely forgetting we're in Mexico, overcome by more amazing scenery -- why does such a beautiful world have to end?
#### Toll Roads and Their Use in MX
#### Vive #Rosarito
Evening falls, but doesn't sink our experience. We traverse up and down grades, winding through #MX-I-2 en route to #Rosarito (yes, rosary oddly). We exit the interstate, to a sleepy, misty, foggy little two lane road that takes alongside the coast of the Pacific Ocean. I'd never been this close to it, so close to an end to #Mexodus. We knew we wouldn't be in touch with #Raelity this evening so we decided to start looking for a place to stay, but with sweet exhausted peace and joyous accomplishment -- we had made it here alive.

#### Rosarito Beach Hotel
##### 10PM
We parked the car in the two level deck that sat adjacent to the end of journey, for the day. Erica went in ahead of us, I stayed with the girlie and the #kitty-the-dog. It was balmy and, as I recall, a moonlight night, hearing the grand Pacific crashing the background, the convection from the gentle breeze on your skin. There was a trickle of people moving through courtyard, laughing and conversing. It was the perfect moment for the world to swallow itself whole. Erica returns after a few minutes with a key and a general sense of where our room is. We scout the entrances, looking for the best choice to carry an illegal, shaggy-ass dog and a wild set of outlandish luggages through without notice. 
We moved swiftly through the lobbies and corridors mostly made from tile work with large pieces of mayan-themed art hanging on the walls, past the bar to the right, through pool-and-ping-pong-tabled rec room which hooked us right out to the pool areas -- they were peopled with whispers, people enjoying the beauty of the weeknight here. Beyond the pools was our building, we entered, elevatored, keyed in, and dropped the stuff into meager, slightly-used, but clean accomodations.
Erica and I both walked out the patio to see the nighttime Pacific; neither one of us had ever seen it. It could've been a tender moment were we not both expecting to see a tsunami heading right for us. After a few minutes mixing awe and cautious study. We were are very hungry having not really eaten in over 24 hours. We tried, but everything we attempted to eat in Mexicali looked like it had already been through the fucking end of the world -- so many people just don't give a fuck, they'll serve you the shitiest shit and expect a tip.
Glorious food, Tacos El Dorado delivered to our room plates full of freshly cooked beef, guacamole, and the sour cream -- I can still taste the memory.

[Continue...](./two.md)