# 3 -- Division of Labor

The #dief was completely inhospitable to children. Erica spent all of her time with girlie on this count. She took to reading when weren't shopping for necessities, #haha-luxuries or patronizing the #internet-cafe. 

At first, this consisted of bible, #book-of-enoch, and #gospel-of-angelus. Her seclusion was compounded by the fact that there was no one, outside of #claudia, who cared at all for kids though everyone was very sweet to girlie, they usually kept a distance.
> This isn't a judgment, I still don't like kids as a general proposition though I love one very much and act like one frequently.
I also had to wonder about an odd, portentious interaction Erica had with #cardinal-and-#vicar #kelly: in our rushed departure from the states, Erica was initially reaching out to #kelly for information and coordination since we driving cross-country, leaving all of our worldly possessions, friends and such.
To these #messages-from-erica-to-kelly, #kelly never responded; we were very fortunate that the #archbishop-of-mexico was willing to do what #kelly wouldn't or couldn't. I suspect, without judgment, that both of their handlings had to do with Erica's hotness -- I can't hold this against anyone, she's amazing.Most women look at sexuality and attraction as a zero-sum game and #kelly believed that #new-jerusalem would be a place of free love and sharing in these respects, and that she, I opine, was #mary-magdelene betrothed to #rael -- who I also believe is #angelus-domini in some esoteric manner, eschatalogically speaking. I note these things for thelogical purposes, what #kelly does with her body, insomuch as it makes her happy, makes us happy, too. 

So Erica's relationship to the group was hindered along these lines. It was also hindered with the males of the group because she and I are and were not into the "group-dynamic" and they, as a majority, were. So, like the great friends they are to me, they weren't sure how to interact with her. This made my relationship with Erica extra important. It also, made my relationship with the rest of the group just as important. Afterall, we were new to them, and while we tithed, that ain't the same thing as paying rent. This wasn't our place, this wasn't anyone's place but the group, true communal living and this sort of living is very sensitive to inter-personal issues. Things get hot fast. And at this juncture, this was one of my biggest fears, the other being rifts between Erica and I. 

Thus I took it as my duty to #rael and everyone else to be the liaison, the unity in diversity. Rather quixotic.