# 2 - Raelity
#### The Archbishop of Mexico
Erica arranged for the #archbishop-of-mexico to meet us near our hotel this morning. As we pull out of the #rosarita-beach-hotel parking lot we notice portly early-twenty-something wearing a ballcap, black t-shirt, black shorts, and Adidas shower flops trying to flag us down. I immediately wonder who the fuck. But, Erica tells me ~~this~~ he's our contact, the unceremonious #international-congregation-of-lord-rael's #archbishop-of-mexico. He coulda been Deep Roy in an umpalumpa outfit and we would've welcomed him with all pomp and circumstance of the ~~Poop~~ [#pope](./appendices/pope.md).
I found the nearest parking spot and bopped out of the car real quick to shake hands. Of course, we had no idea who the other was -- Erica had been our mutual point of contact as I despised social networks at the time. I agreed to follow him to [#sanctuary](./appendices/sanctuary.md). 

#### What the Fuck Have We Done?
Heading east, away from the shore, the terrain inclines into and turns from touristic to what passes for residential. This happens in the course of about a quarter mile. As soon as that quarter mile is up, so is the road in any meaningful sense. Mere traversed dirt with scores of vicious swear-to-god sharpened stones in your path. Any of them are enough to pop your tire. I wish that was all.
I grew up poor where poor and this place was the ultimate reminder of poor as a relative term. The shacks and shanties we passed in pursuit of [#sanctuary](./appendices/sanctuary.md) were the poorest shit either one of us had either seen. Sick to the stomach for a #million-reasons not the least of which is a question that grows louder as it echoes off the completely fucking empty skull sitting on top of you neck: What the fuck have we done?

#### Onward.
It's too late now isn't it? And the world is ending, isn't it? And #raelity will protect us, won't it? Up and down hills, marks of desparate poverty, #the-fear-of-the-culture, gang symbols, trash, innumerable #semi-stray-~~gods~~dogs.
And finally, when you think you can't get anymore fucking remote or twisted up, down another hill, we hang a right into [#sanctuary](./appendices/sanctuary.md) guarded by a wall with a broke ass gate. This isn't a metaphor.

#### Welcome Home Sanctuary
I was still in a sickened daze when I got out of the car. I had never seen a sanctuary before; right then, it looked more like a gringo refugee camp made up of a gymasium that sat next to the parking lot a garden directly in front but sitting 4 feet lower of said lot, a mess hall to the right of the garden, a cemented area containing a 10-15 person picnic table, stairs leading toward a coutryard which sat between two rows of dormatories. All of said building were made of cinder block passably with white paint.
[See Pictures - but not yet](./images/need-link.md)
 To the left, in the distance was a grand mesa whose sight still inspires memories, its magestic spectre, portending mysticism. There's much more in due course. At present however, I have to snap out of it and greet the people who are my new brothers, sisters, and community. Everyone one was an American, almost all of them were [#clergy -- link not working yet](./appendices/ecclesiastical-order.md) of seemingly various backgrounds. But quite honestly, Erica and I already had enough to think about. We had quite a trip, it was really great meeting all of you and we thank you so much for your hospitalty. Fellowship at 4? We'll be back tomorrow, I think we need to rest today.

We left with partly aghast, partly disappointed, wholly stunned. We went back to our comfortable little hotel room and enjoyed the fact that we felt utterly safe outside of America. After sneaking back in the with #kitty-the-~~god~~dog, we ordered more room service, tacos el dorado please, and delicious #mexican-coke. The girlie watched TV en espanol, cartoons are good no matter the language, she's interesting like that. Erica and I sat out on the #balcony and watched the tides trail into the blue extending all the way to the horizon. We couldn't say here forever, but the now was comforting after what we just witnessed. Few words of any meaning passed between us the rest of the day.

#### Work?
Yeah, I still had a job. I told them I was gone on a family emergency in Baja California. This isn't far from the truth, it isn't far from a lie. Nevertheless, Thursday morning I plopped myself down in front of my computer to get some work done. After all, life in Mexico wasn't even cheap, nevermind free. I calculated we could stay in the hotel for as long as we wanted, perhaps even look for an apartment or something. Having never been to a #developing-country, I had never used #developing-internet at a hotel. I was in for surprise. It was so slow and unstable, got nothing done for 6 sweaty-palmed, nervry hours. Nothing. I told myself it was cool because I was still dealing with a family emergency and got ready to go to our 4PM fellowship at the sanctuary.

#### May God's Love Be With You
Friday morning I was fired. I shamelessly cried begged and pleaded as Erica and the girlie were at the #pancake-house next to the hotel. I was wrong. They were out the door listening. She and I both knew #raelity was sinking in. We didn't dwell on it, we moved on. I wish I could report we did this out of faith and high-mindedness. But, in fact, we were in midst of learning something new about #rosarito-beach, it was a weekend getaway for many southern Californians making weekday vacancies cheap and easy to find. Starting on Friday, the price was triple. We got an extra hour before checkout and somberly packed the fucking tarp full of ~~shit~~ possessions again. Took our dirty-ass car and set out to our new home, [#sanctuary](./appendices/sanctuary.md).

#### Communal Living
The raelites graciously accepted us and had already cleaned out our room (Because Erica, girlie, and me were an individual family we got our own dormitory, the only other members with their own room were the #vicar and the #seer). In this case a dorm consisted of a 12x20 cinder-block room with whitish walls painted many filthy, likely strange, possibly violent, and defnitely sad events ago. Time is all psychlogical here. 
The left wall of our dorm has a doorway with no door, had been ripped of hinges at some point exposing a dungeonesque room, about 8 x 12, with two mop-style sink basins that had running water -- only about half structures had running water and all of them were dirty-doesn't-cover-it unless you cleaned them yourself, right before you used them. 
As I mentioned earlier, they cleaned out their room, as many of you know clean is a concept and concepts don't exist and thus are relativistic and propagandistic. Please don't take this as me being unappreciative. I'd later find out that this room was full-to-the-ceiling of "donations" that had been left to rot. I'm sure you can still find some of this rot cascading down a nearby gulley, but I get ahead of myself.
Beyond clearing the room of these donations, they had also swept and mopped, placed three used beds & frames, bedding that had doubtless been part of aforementioned donations. This was our new home. Erica doesn't cry, Erica is way too tough to cry, way tougher than me for sure. 